Add case study: CW20 (#44)
softwaresaved/event-organisation-guide: docs/eog/case-studies-cw20-catering.rst

.. _CW20-Catering: 

CW20 Catering
=====================

After a discussion on 9 March 2020 with the local organisers at Queen's University Belfast, we agreed to postpone CW in Belfast to a future date, with no charges for the change to the room booking dates and catering. 

> Ultimately, Government restrictions and lockdowns would have prevented the event taking place in person anyways. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ultimately, further Government restrictions and lockdown measures throughout out March would have prevented the event taking place in person if we had decided to go ahead with an in person event. 
```
